README.md, before:


# README generator

## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This project was built to help users built professional README files for their Github repositories

## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing Guidelines](#contributing-guidelines)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Contact](#contact)

## Installation
Clone the repo onto your local machine.

## Usage
Ensure you have node.js installed prior to running this application. Open the 'Develop' folder in your terminal and run ```npm start```. Follow the prompts until completion.

## Contributing Guidelines
Fork the repo as you'd like and make any changes. If you'd like your changes included in the source code, please use my email below to contact me.

## Tests
Run the application in the terminal. No testing should be required

## Screenshots
### NPM Start
![Start SS](<develop/resources/Screenshot 2023-11-20 122409.png>)
### All prompts
![Prompts](<develop/resources/Screenshot 2023-11-20 122655.png>)
### Final product
![Final README](<develop/resources/Screenshot 2023-11-20 122740.png>)
![Final README](<develop/resources/Screenshot 2023-11-20 122802.png>)

## Contact
Link to my [Github](https://github.com/AndrewCMonson)

Email me [here](mailto:andrewmonson908@gmail.com)

Commit message:

updated readme to reflect final file save location

README.md, after:


# README generator

## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This project was built to help users built professional README files for their Github repositories

## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing Guidelines](#contributing-guidelines)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Contact](#contact)

## Installation
Clone the repo onto your local machine.

## Usage
Ensure you have node.js installed prior to running this application. Open the 'Develop' folder in your terminal and run ```npm start```. Follow the prompts until completion. Once completed, final README with all prompts will be located in the created_READMEs folder named as {project-title}-README.md.

## Contributing Guidelines
Fork the repo as you'd like and make any changes. If you'd like your changes included in the source code, please use my email below to contact me.

## Tests
Run the application in the terminal. No testing should be required

## Screenshots
### NPM Start
![Start SS](<develop/resources/Screenshot 2023-11-20 122409.png>)
### All prompts
![Prompts](<develop/resources/Screenshot 2023-11-20 122655.png>)
### Final product
![Final README](<develop/resources/Screenshot 2023-11-20 122740.png>)
![Final README](<develop/resources/Screenshot 2023-11-20 122802.png>)

## Contact
Link to my [Github](https://github.com/AndrewCMonson)

Email me [here](mailto:andrewmonson908@gmail.com)
